timers: set several methods EOL (#56966)
nodejs/node: doc/api/deprecations.md

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56966
    description: End-of-Life.
  - version: v10.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18066
    description: Runtime deprecation.
-->

Type: End-of-Life

> `timers.enroll()` is deprecated. Please use the publicly documented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`timers.enroll()` has been removed. Please use the publicly documented
```

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56966

>     description: End-of-Life.

Reviewer: You also need to upgrade the description:

https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56966/files#diff-b7c42d4dc97df183538f07f68a1f6ee54068ee8860cfa053ab141e64f290af87R2076

Author: Nice catch! Thank you for the review @marco-ippolito

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56966
    description: End-of-Life.
  - version: v10.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18066
    description: Runtime deprecation.
-->

Type: End-of-Life

> `timers.unenroll()` is deprecated. Please use the publicly documented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`timers.unenroll()` has been removed. Please use the publicly documented
```

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56966
    description: End-of-Life.
  - version: v11.14.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26760
    description: Runtime deprecation.
-->

Type: End-of-Life

> The previously undocumented `timers.active()` is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previously undocumented `timers.active()` has been removed.
```

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56966
    description: End-of-Life.
  - version: v11.14.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26760
    description: Runtime deprecation.
-->

Type: End-of-Life

> The previously undocumented and "private" `timers._unrefActive()` is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previously undocumented and "private" `timers._unrefActive()` has been removed.
```
